[DLS] Adds limitation to CMB (#16459)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/data-localization/limitations.mdx

Specifically most of the Zone Analytics & Logs UI Tabs will be showing up as empty, when configuring Customer Metadata Boundary to EU only. It is recommended to use the UI [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/) instead, or the [HTTP request](/logs/reference/log-fields/zone/http_requests/) logs via [Logpush](/logs/about/).

> To configure Customer Metadata Boundary to EU only, Log Retention, a legacy feature of [Logpull](/logs/logpull/), must be disabled for all zones within your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Customer Metadata Boundary to EU only, you must disable Log Retention for all zones within your account. Log Retention is a legacy feature of [Logpull](/logs/logpull/), 
```

Reviewer: Changing to active voice.

> To configure Customer Metadata Boundary to EU only, you must disable Log Retention for all zones within your account. Log Retention is a legacy feature of [Logpull](/logs/logpull/), 

Author: ```suggestion
To configure Customer Metadata Boundary to EU only, you must disable Log Retention for all zones within your account. Log Retention is a legacy feature of [Logpull](/logs/logpull/). 
```
